Add a note in README about older versions (#7049)
alacritty/alacritty: README.md

## Configuration

> **Alacritty versions before 0.13.0 are using YAML configuration file format
> and all their settings were documented in the `alacritty.yml`. The example
> `alacritty.yml` file for each release could be found on [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty/releases).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Alacritty versions before 0.13.0 are using YAML configuration files
and all their settings were documented in the `alacritty.yml`. The example
`alacritty.yml` file for each release can be found on [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty/releases).**
```
